So if you're having a conflict in the first few days of the unit, is that
normal? Maybe remember that there are two different fleets. Fleet
on the Pacific Fleet. So is it normal? Not particularly. But could
there be differences? Most definitely. There are differences. And when
you go from one squadron to another swatter, when you go from the
training school to the actual deployed water, yeah, there's gonna
be a little bit of a difference. And that's where using officer, junior
or senior grade officer, You're just going to get acclimated in
that first couple of days and understand. So one of these is that I
would most definitely advise. Okay, when you attempted to say, Well,
we didn't do it on our last ship That way, that's true. But you're
not on your ship. You're on. So you've got to adjust to your ship, and
that's the thing I expect. Change. Expect there to be differences.
You've got the skills to go ahead and perform. So remember, for the
most part, all ships go all planes go. We'll go for so you might be
tempted. Do you think I didn't do that on my last ship? You know your
last ship, You don't do shit. And that's the way you're gonna perform
on your new ship. Going forward on the journey protected a nation
on the mission.